Program Name:
-------------
TopSecret

Description:
------------
TopSecret is a command-line utility for agents to view files and documents,
showing the file list, the contents of an indicated file, or an error message
depending on the arguments passed in.


Command Format:
---------------
java topsecret [option]

If no option is provided, the program lists the numbered files available to display.
If a numeric option is provided, the program displays the contents of the
corresponding file. If a second parameter is given, the decipherer uses the
specified alternate key to use when deciphering.

Command-Line Options:
---------------------
(none)
    Lists all available files that can be displayed. Each file is shown with
    a two-digit numeric identifier, i.e. 01, 02, 03, etc.

<number>
    Displays the contents of the corresponding file using the default cipher.

    The number must match one of the listed file identifiers,
    with the leading 0 if necessary.

<number> + <cipher>
    Displays the contents of the corresponding file using the specified cipher.

    The number must match one of the listed file identifiers,
    and the cipher must be a valid cipher.

Run Examples:
---------
1. Run the program with no arguments:

   java topsecret

   Output:
   01 filea.txt
   02 fileb.txt
   03 filec.txt

2. Display the contents of a specific file:

   java topsecret 01

   Output:
   (contents of filea.txt are displayed on the screen)

3. Display the contents of a file using a specific cipher:

    java topsecret 01 cipher01.txt

   Output:
   (contents of filea.txt using cipher01 are displayed on the screen)

Error Handling:
---------------
- If an invalid number is provided, an error message is displayed.
- If something other than a number is provided, an error message is displayed.
- If the file cannot be found or accessed, an error message is displayed.
- If the second parameter is not a valid cipher, an error message is displayed.
- After displaying an error message, the program exits.

Program Termination:
--------------------
The program exits after:
- Listing available files
- Displaying the contents of a selected file
- Displaying an error message
